hi dimoks my name is sergey
knees and work in the company did not shaft and
at the request of Peter Salnikov, I will tell
you about your five favorite filter
it was a difficult choice actually
because it started to remember
games that influenced me and how
I like the list more
and 150 projects so probably I
wrong not all good games those
who don't like now
first probably postponing the squad of high school
from it was the brothers goal makers game
xcom it was their 2 famous project after
childbirth old doors
they made lye to minus which
which is now to do a remake but not important
it is important that Ozersky from was the first
full political strategy with
equipment fighters manipulation
objects and other things that you
like in gascony so here it was
first gentlemen more than that in my opinion
in terms of botaki skiing scott is much
more interesting than xcom it is much
more tactically diverse for example
such techniques as throwing a grenade
Comrades so I threw on the next
go when the enemy breaks in
X-com and such a mummy new except
but there is an economy and it is also good
2 Perhaps this is a game of civilization Sid
meier
I can not name any specific
part because I always play the most
last now i play more
civilization 5 and in a revolution which
came out on ipad they are different but they are all
built on one very correct
civilization scheme this game is about
balancing progress and military power
and besides it's interesting
generally from a historical point of view on and
it's still interesting how the game is about
many small choices say that
life in general is a lot of small
choices that lead you to something
bad or good such a civilization
it is such a compact life which
plays in 24 hours
and to close the topic with strategies
another strategy that scared me
remembered and that son a long time ago
there was no football
i'm not talking about don thief for example either
contract because football was unique
not so much with its setting as
the presence of the third dimension and she
really was hard to understand
especially important player but she was
very interesting you once I played
six or seven o'clock like you and not
opened a second wind began
use actual creams which
other strategies in principle not
is used
you understand that the hillwood is like its many
strategies all start to play the same way
you secrete no frame and then
leave it build
in many strategies on this proper
all your tactics and ends but
football cinema appeared other more
Interestingly maybe we will remove about the choice
What units to attack?
have you appeared
you maneuver manifested itself by the tail
the flanks although in my opinion it was not
some important things that not others
which are other strategies but your own
By this madness and these dimensions it is very
I remember very much
of the more recent games I really like
Allah, yes only the first I understand
that it falls like almost everything
cooperative games depends on the company with
which you play but I'm so lucky
that the first year where they played there very much
for example, the fun company of us was the husband
wife and wife naturally chose zoe
and her husband if properly played where
Negro
and this is very touching
moment or for example basically everything once
later happy to collect or so
by helicopter but here at the cost of our life our
comrade trying to save his wife
although in principle we will win ibiza already
fly away in the end everyone throws the pilot
western helicopter and run back
to save this couple why is it fun
dies restart injury zone and here
I really like the games that
let you create your story
a civilization that already called it a laser
squad challenge downturn were unique events
and here comes out probably one of the best
games about their history
and finally, probably something from the very
fresh this chart series
Ancharted good not so that he allows
create your story he is not at all
allows you to move away from the plot
left-right but how to play fair
ancharted not the best but good about
movie
that is, this is the case when the game
pretend to be a movie but successfully
not trying to flirt with
interactivity like heavy rain
Anchar then here have a straight clone
Indiana Jones with game mechanics from
tomb raider and at the same time it passes and
playing bovine this is one of those games
sunset frame is more interesting to watch or
started playing every time I played
uncharted my whole family sat down
in front of the TV and watched it left
on whether or fragment can be tied but there is
still a bunch that do not like that
did not mention for example total war
this is elite this is colonization of sid mayer
because colonization 7 though was not
a tangle of alarm but that faith
was with great moral in texts was
a game about the destruction of a whole people for the sake of
arrived people who sit britain
far and far from you and her
play without destroying I know that very
few chose colonization of the way
simulations in
local culture but this is probably one of
such games are serious moral
a choice that you don't understand until then
until I pass I do not speak there
lose play man moral
Ryan's choice of screen hobby from the point of view
plot level i don't know budget
series Russian hairstyle while on the game
I can't shoot the actors
with photo